
# Setting up the MacOS VM 
(for Windows users)  
To develop for iOS 6, you will need MacOS Mavericks. There are other ways to get an Xcode instance running, but for Windows users, this is the way I used. 

1. Download the VMWare image from [here](https://archive.org/details/MacOSX10.9MavericksVMWareImage).
2. Download a copy of VMWare Workstation Pro (it's free for Personal use)
3. Once installed, go to `File` > `Open` , then navigate to the folder to where you had your VM files downloaded. Then, open the `.vmdk` file. (Small note: the password for the account is "`123`", same for the root password.)

### Changing Language
1. After the VM has been imported, go to the Settings app. You may notice that everything is in Russian. If you would prefer to keep it that way, continue on to the next section. 
2. Click on the flag in the top row, with the United Nations symbol on it.
3. On the left-hand side, click on Russian, then click the "`-`" button. It'll prompt you to restart, do so.

### Setting up Internet
1. Power off the VM. Go to `VM` > `Settings`. Under the `Network` card,  make sure to select `NAT`.
2. Power on the VM.
3. Go to the settings app, then click on the tab `Network`.
4. Click on `Assist Me...`,  `Assistant`, `Continue`, then select the `LAN` option.
5. Once again, click `Continue`. Once it asks you for an IP address, click `Back`.
6. Click `Continue` once more. It should say "`Congratulations! You are now connected.`"
7. Click on the Ethernet card and make sure all information is filled out.
8. Open Google Chrome and try a search!

***

[< Table of Contents](https://calvink19.uk/developing)  
[\> Setting up Xcode](https://calvink19.uk/developing/2)
